1. Receive an SVG image as input.
2. Find the <polygon> element in this image. This program assumes that there is
only a single <polygon> element in the image.
3. Find out the containing rectangle of it.
4. Determine which principal block you are using from "config.ini". Let's say we
are using "tiny_square".
5. Decide on how many principal blocks you want to use on the X axis. This could
be made configurable so that you could decide on Y axis as well but that didn't
seem like a very important feature for now.
6. Calculate the "primary_block_factor". Normally both the primary block, and
the containing rectangle of the <polygon> element have their own widths.
However, since we want a predetermined number of blocks on X axis, we need to
proportion the width of the primary block to the width of the containing
rectangle. When we get the ratio, we use this same ratio for heights as well.
7. Using the factored width and height of the principal block, for every
principal block tile, determine whether or not there should be a block inserted
by calling "is_tile_mostly_in_shape" method and construct the structure matrix.
Do this by starting from top-left and going first towards right and then one row
down. This way, you will go in the natural direction of SVG coordinates. After
the block insertions are completed, you can convert the blocks to start from
bottom-left and go first towards right and then one row up by calling the
"transpose_and_invert_blocks" method.
8. After this is done, for every block, determine which blocks are "floating in
the air". That is, determine which blocks do not have a column of other blocks
under them to support them. Then, every time you find such block, add that
block's row to the list of rows that a platform should be inserted _under_.
Note that we are inserting a whole row of platforms if we determine that any
block of that row is "floating in the air". The reason for inserting to the
whole row is to make the left and right of the structure rise equally in height,
in order to have a much simple height calculation. Otherwise, the height
calculation gets really complex.
9. After these "essential" platforms are inserted, insert extra platforms just
to create more opportunities to insert pigs. Do this by creating extra platforms
in regular intervals.
10. After the platform insertion business is done, insert pigs under the centers
of the suitable platform blocks. The location of the pig is accounted with the
index of the primary block that is:
  1. On the row of primary blocks where this platform is inserted under.
  2. On the center of that particular platform block.
